---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "teamcity_vcsroot Resource - terraform-provider-teamcity"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A VCS root in TeamCity defines a connection to a version control system. More info here https://www.jetbrains.com/help/teamcity/vcs-root.html
---

# teamcity_vcsroot (Resource)

A VCS root in TeamCity defines a connection to a version control system. More info [here](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/teamcity/vcs-root.html)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "teamcity_vcsroot" "vcsroot1" {
  name       = "root1"
  project_id = teamcity_project.project1.id

  git = {
    url          = github_repository.test1.ssh_clone_url
    branch       = github_repository.test1.default_branch
    auth_method  = "TEAMCITY_SSH_KEY"
    uploaded_key = teamcity_ssh_key.key1.name
  }
}
```

## Schema

### Required

- `project_id` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `git` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--git))

### Optional

- `polling_interval` (Number)

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--git"></a>
### Nested Schema for `git`

Required:

- `branch` (String) The main branch or tag to be monitored.
- `url` (String) The URL used for fetching data from the repository.

Optional:

- `auth_method` (String) The authentication method used by the vcsroot. Can be  one of ANONYMOUS, PASSWORD, TEAMCITY_SSH_KEY, ACCESS_TOKEN,  PRIVATE_KEY_DEFAULT or PRIVATE_KEY_FILE.
- `branch_spec` (String) Branches to monitor besides the default one as a newline-delimited set of rules in the form of +|-:branch name with the optional * placeholder. Part matched by * (or part inside parentheses) will be shown as a build logical branch name.
- `checkout_policy` (String) Uses shallow clone for short-lived agents and mirrors for regular long-lived agents.
- `clean_files_policy` (String) This option specifies which files will be removed when "git clean" command is run on agent.
- `clean_policy` (String) This option specifies when the "git clean" command is run on the agent.
- `convert_crlf` (Boolean) Convert line endings of CRLF.
- `ignore_known_hosts` (Boolean) Ignore SSH known-hosts colission.
- `passphrase` (String, Sensitive) SSH Key passphrase.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) User password.
- `path_to_git` (String) The path to a git executable on the agent. If blank, the location set up in TEAMCITY_GIT_PATH environment variable is used.
- `private_key_path` (String) Path to an SSH private key.
- `push_url` (String) Used for pushing tags to the remote repository. If blank, the fetch url is used.
- `submodules` (String) Defines whether to checkout submodules. Can be one of CHECKOUT or IGNORE.
- `tags_as_branches` (Boolean) Enable to use tags in the branch specification
- `uploaded_key` (String) The ID of an upload SSH key.
- `username` (String) Username used to login to the VCS.
- `username_for_tags` (String) Username used for tags. Format: Username \<email\>
- `username_style` (String) The style of the username. Can be one of USERID, NAME, EMAIL or FULL.
- `token_id` (String) The token ID used when auth_method is set to ACCESS_TOKEN.

## Import

```terraform
import {
  to = teamcity_vcsroot.root
  id = "Project1_root1"
}
```
